README.md, before:

## Shared Expense Manager
### An Android and iOS app for managing shared expenses.


### TODO:
1. - [x] Introduction to flutter and dart programming language.
2. - [x] Setup flutter and a sample starting project.
3. - [x] Android studio setup with virtual device + real device adb.
4. - [x] Overall pages layout design
    1. - [x] Page to log all expenses and show them in a list view.
    2. - [x] Page to display details of a single entry.
    3. - [x] Dashboard page to display the shares
    6. - [ ] Chart pages ? 1. Time Series/Pie category/user?
    5. - [x] Profile/Setting page to edit users list, categories, import/export settings
    4. - [x] Add new entry page
5. - [x] Transition between pages.
6. - [x] Flutter Form design with validation.
7. - [x] Flutter state management and update parent/child/sibling UI on data changes .
8. - [x] Math logic to calculate shares.
9. - [x] Initial UI state, when no data is present.
10. - [x] Save and persist data on app restart.
11. - [x] Import/Export data (JSON ?) also as an Excel sheet?
12. - [x] Add custom icon for production app.
13. - [ ] Mocks for presentation 
13. - [ ] First sharable production build.
14. - [ ] Introduce search functionality to the log page.
15. - [ ] (not now) Firebase authentication to sync between multiple devices.


## Small todo:
1. - [ ] crashes on first user/category entry.
2. - [x] Remove trailing comma
3. - [x] Remove daily from the top bar
4. - [x] may be equal app bar height.
5. - [x] Cannot modify existing user and categories.


<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a></div>

Commit message:

added swipe properties, app signing done 🥳✌

README.md, after:

## Shared Expense Manager
### An Android and iOS app for managing shared expenses.



### TODO:
1. - [x] Introduction to flutter and dart programming language.
2. - [x] Setup flutter and a sample starting project.
3. - [x] Android studio setup with virtual device + real device adb.
4. - [x] Overall pages layout design
    1. - [x] Page to log all expenses and show them in a list view.
    2. - [x] Page to display details of a single entry.
    3. - [x] Dashboard page to display the shares
    6. - [ ] Chart pages ? 1. Time Series/Pie category/user?
    5. - [x] Profile/Setting page to edit users list, categories, import/export settings
    4. - [x] Add new entry page
    5. - [x] Chenage pages with swips
5. - [x] Transition between pages.
6. - [x] Flutter Form design with validation.
7. - [x] Flutter state management and update parent/child/sibling UI on data changes .
8. - [x] Math logic to calculate shares.
9. - [x] Initial UI state, when no data is present.
10. - [x] Save and persist data on app restart.
11. - [x] Import/Export data (JSON ?) also as an Excel sheet?
12. - [x] Add custom icon for production app.
13. - [x] App signing for distribution
13. - [ ] Mocks for presentation 
13. - [ ] First sharable production build.
14. - [ ] Introduce search functionality to the log page.
15. - [ ] (not now) Firebase authentication to sync between multiple devices.




<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a></div>
